Dear Dr. Tsai,

Thank you for your efford of Taiwan's torism.
Since I'm a Taiwan tour guide for international tourists of countries other than China, may I suggest something for Taiwan to attrct more international tourists?

I especially work on hiking, rock climbing, rivertracing, whitewater rafting, surfing...nature tour and culture tour in Taiwan. 
Taiwan is a natual activity heven and full of cultures with a lot of hand-made or creative products that we can buy.
My customers love Taiwan very much and always buy a lot!

But for attracting more international tourist to Taiwan, I have something to suggest:
Taiwan should know what western traveler's tastes and provide them effcient information that help them to make a trip easily.

Westerners is a very huge travel market.
Most of them are full of energy, love exciting sports and like to buy culture products.
Though they love Taiwan's nature, they really have diffuclties to have English information to travel around in Taiwan's nature area.
That is: Taiwan don't have good English hiking trail map. Some popular nature sport activity sports, like whitewater rafting, the service provider don't have enough English advertisment.
Actually Taiwan's mountain area is very hard for foreiners to drive themself or take bus to trail head.
But Taiwan don't have English drivers information for them to rent a local driver with a car.
But actually each city have that kind of drivers can provide the servic for hikers, but they don't have English contact or they can't speak English.

Foreiners also like to enter mountain area.
But for every national park, we need to apply permision to enter the trail.
But every national park doesn't have English website page for foreiners to apply permisions.
Though National aprk says foreiner's can email NP to apply the permision, but the contact information is very hard to find.

It's also lack of small island's permission and trafic information, ex, turtal island, green island, and archid island.

For culture service, actually foreiners really love aboriginal hunter's trip.
But again, foreiners is very hard to get the trips info and reach the oboringnals tribe. also the hunter can speak English. They need Englisher traslaters.

For culture products and delicious food, actually all the most famous stores or resturants they don't have English info to promote themself to foreiners.

In Japan, they are very carfully make every travel related services and products with English.
But in Taiwan, what the foreners like best has no English.

Also, Westers hate crouded area, they like quiet area, too much Chinese tourists are just get the westerns away.
Or actually every little town in Taiwan has something can attract foreiners a lot.
We should promote everytown in English, not only most famous spot like sun-moon lake with English.

The following are trips I arranged before for foreiners. You may see what is foreiner taste. 
http://523org.blogspot.tw/
Our FB: https://www.facebook.com/groups/523MountaineeringAssociation/

I'm also working on a web map to mark the attractive tourist spots for foreiners.

Hope this mail can help Tiawan's tourism for international tourists other than Chinese.
Thank you!

Best Regards,
YiRu
